Enable a default task throttle for split pointing. (#15925)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_pointing_device.md

|`POINTING_DEVICE_MOTION_PIN`      | (Optional) If supported, will only read from sensor if pin is active. | _not defined_     |

> |`POINTING_DEVICE_TASK_THROTTLE_MS`      | (Optional) Limits the frequency that the sensor is polled for motion. | _not defined_     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`POINTING_DEVICE_TASK_THROTTLE_MS`      |  Limits the frequency that the sensor is polled for motion.           | `1`               |
```
